[DOCS] Add warning on restarting nodes exceeding low disk watermark (#89018)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/restart-cluster.asciidoc

<<restart-cluster-rolling,rolling restart>>, you shut down only one node at a
time, so the service remains uninterrupted.

> [WARNING]
> Nodes exceed low watermark will be slow to restart. You may want to reduce disk
> usage below low watermark before proceeding to restart nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WARNING]
====
Nodes exceeding the low watermark threshold will be slow to restart. Reduce the disk
usage below the <<cluster-routing-watermark-low,low watermark>> before to restarting nodes.
====
```

Reviewer: @Leaf-Lin, this wording is stronger than your original text, which I think coincides with a `WARNING` admonition. Let me know if this is a change that users should definitely make, or if we want to say that "You may want to" make this change.
